>> Speaker 1: Okay, so line chart, so
this is one of the ones that you were
looking at earlier with the exercise,
being like, my God, these paths and
these D commands, like these commands are.
So,
>> Speaker 1: I want to
introduce you to D3.Line(),
which is one of those
magical functions that
translates your data into
the really complex looking
commands that draw this line.
And how we do that is how D3.Line
works is we have, let's say, our data.
And for this data, again,
we just have date, and
we have value.
>> Speaker 1: And
all we need to do is to find d3.line(),
and we tau d3.line, our accessor for
the x position and the accessor for
the y position.
>> Speaker 1: And
then we pass in our data array.
it goes and outputs the path
string we need to draw that line.
And it's really just those few lines,
and you get back that string.
And let me kind of explain
to you what's going on.
So essentially what d3.line is doing
is given this array of data points,
it's basically mapping those
data points onto the screen.
It's mapping it first to these x,
y positions, and
that's why we need to give it accessors
telling it where each of these
points should be drawn on the screen.
And so it's basically saying,
okay, so given this array of data,
I am going to draw all of these
x positions around the screen.
And then I'm going to connect
them with a bunch of lines, and
that's all that's happening.
So that's why, I just realized something.
I may or may not have just copy and pasted
the dates, and it all says March 24th,
but they're supposed to
be increasing by days.
So they're supposed to be 24,
25, 26, 27, 28, 29.
Please imagine with me that
that's what it's doing.
And so, if you can imagine
the bar chart we just drew,
where it was a point here,
a point here, a point here, etc.
D3.Line is doing something very similar
where it's mapping the x, y points.
But instead of drawing any bars,
it's creating the command where it draws
the lines between each of these points.
That's all I gotta say about D3.Line,
because it's just that easy.
It might actually be even easier to
do than the previous example, maybe.